Templating variables and ENV (#63)
LangStream/documentation: building-applications/yaml-templates.md

  - type: "datasource"
    name: "AstraDatasource"
    configuration:
      service: "astra"
      clientId: "{{{ secrets.astra.clientId }}}"
      secret: "{{{ secrets.astra.secret }}}"
      secureBundle: "{{{ secrets.astra.secureBundle }}}"
      database: "{{{ secrets.astra.database }}}"
      token: "{{{ secrets.astra.token }}}"
      environment: "{{{ secrets.astra.environment }}}"
```

{% hint style="warning" %}
In the Mustache language the syntax with double curly brances implies that the value is escaped. If you want to use the value as is, without escaping it, you need to use triple curly braces.
{% endhint %}

 For example, in the secrets.yaml file you can see the following syntax:

```yaml
access-key: "{{{ secrets.open-ai.access-key }}}"
```

The value of the access-key is not escaped. If you want to escape the value you can use the following syntax:

```yaml
access-key: "{{ secrets.open-ai.access-key }}"
```
but this may lead to unexpected results. So the suggestion is to always use the triple curly braces syntax.

#### Nesting mustache template syntax

Some agents, like the **ai-chat-completions** agent, require a configuration that is a Mustache template.

> In this case you can must add a percent character after the duoble (or triple) curly braces. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you must add a percent character after the double (or triple) curly braces. For example:
```
